zfsbootmenu: add zbm.waitfor argument handler (#573)
zbm-dev/zfsbootmenu: docs/man/zfsbootmenu.7.rst

  Enable automatic font resizing of the kernel console to normalize the apparent resolution for both low resolution and high resolution displays. This option is enabled by default.

**zbm.waitfor=device,device,...**

>   Ensure that one or more devices are present prior to starting the pool import process. Required devices should be either a direct **/dev** device entry or a partial **/dev/disk/by-** entry.
> 
>   **zbm.waitfor=/dev/sda**
> 
>     Direct device entries are fragile and should generally be avoided.
> 
>   **zbm.waitfor=PARTUUID=b0319364-ec65-1840-a02b-2b58caa12ac0,ID=wwn-0x500a07510ee65912**
> 
>     Refer to **/dev/disk/** on the host system to find the required device entries.

Reviewer: Not sure if this alternative is any clearer:
```suggestion
  Ensure that one or more devices are present before starting the pool import process. Devices may be specified as full paths to device nodes (*e.g.*, **/dev/sda** or **/dev/disk/by-id/wwn-0x500a07510ee65912**) or, for convenience, as a typed indicator of the form **TYPE=VALUE**, which will be expanded internally as
  
    **/dev/disk/by-TYPE/VALUE**

  The use of full device paths other than descendants of **/dev/disk/** is fragile and should be avoided.
```
